PAPP-29287: Add Interactive OAuth feature (#11)
splunk-soar-connectors/bmcremedy: manual_readme_content.md

-   **Infrastructure Event**
    -   Used for integration for system management tools.

## Backward Compatibility

> -   New required config parameters have been added in the 3.0.0 version and base url behavior has been updated. Please update any   existing assets by re-inserting or modifying them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   New required config parameters have been added in the 3.0.0 version and base url behavior has been updated. Please update any existing assets by re-inserting or modifying them.
```

-   **Infrastructure Event**
    -   Used for integration for system management tools.

## Backward Compatibility

> -   A new required config parameters has been added and base url behavior has been updated. Hence, it is requested to the
>     end-user to please update their existing asset by re-inserting | modifying the corresponding asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   New required config parameters have been added in the 3.0.0 version and base url behavior has been updated. Please update any existing assets by re-inserting or modifying them.
```

Author: Looks better will update notes.
